clarified the 'Networking with Trio' section of the tutorial (#1737)
python-trio/trio: docs/source/tutorial.rst

.. literalinclude:: tutorial/echo-client.py
   :linenos:

> Note that this code will not work without a TCP server listening at 
> ``127.0.0.1:12345``.

Reviewer: I don't think the exact port number matters much, and it's useful to mention that we'll write a server below, so here's my suggestion:

```suggestion
Note that this code will not work without a TCP server such as the one
we'll implement below.
```
